Add guide on contributing to the docs (#867)
meilisearch/documentation: learn/contributing/README.md

# Contributing to MeiliSearch

There are many ways to contribute to MeiliSearch. You can:

- [Contribute to the documentation](/learn/contributing/contributing_to_docs.md)
- Contribute to the [main engine](https://github.com/meilisearch/MeiliSearch/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md)

> - [Develop an SDK or integration](https://github.com/meilisearch/integration-guides#building-an-integration)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Contribute to [our integrations](https://github.com/meilisearch/integration-guides)
- [Create an integration](https://github.com/meilisearch/integration-guides#building-an-integration)
```

- Create written or video content (tutorials, blog posts, etc.)

> More detailed contribution guides are coming, so keep your eyes on this space! 👀

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Contributions to any of the above-mentioned open-source repositories can be of any type and, we value them all equally: 
- Fix or add documentation
- Raising issues
- Suggesting features
- Giving feedback
- Adding tests
- Foxing bugs
- Adding features

More detailed contribution guides are coming, so keep your eyes on this space! 👀
```
